Here's the plan. I mean, plan A. I guess
I don't have a plan. So, today we're
going to plan B, which is to come up
with a plan. And specifically, we're
going to have to come up with a plan
that relates to the thing that I wrote
down there so I didn't like scam you
guys. Okay. So, plan B, make simple web
app, reads Twitch chat messages,
displays them, straightforward. We are
going to recreate this right here. Chat
appearing. This is plan B part A. And
then plan B part two is that we will
track donations and then the app makes
rich people bigger. So then we move on
to plan C. Plan part one. And then we
would say if you don't donate every
message gets smaller,
which is so
maybe if you talk too much without
donating you get banned. That's so like
you're just shrinking. Oh, that's so
bad. That's such a terrible feature to
add. I don't know if there's anything
else we have to do. In theory, this is
all not that hard. And in practice, I'm
sure there's some thing that I'm not
understanding. Why is chat so slow?
Yeah, just be sure to comment
occasionally today. Why is the chat so
slow? Because for some reason, people
feel like they have to say that anytime
it's a more chill stream, which has been
happening a lot. So, you have to say
that. It's not acceptable to come into a
chat room and just read the room. you
have to you have to come in and like
talk kind of what we probably
should start doing is tracking how much
money people have donated. What I'm
thinking we already have streamerbot
which is a program that listens to
Twitch chat in theory we just have an
action that when we get a donation which
we already have hooked up cuz that's how
I have my text to speech system. So at
the point that we have process donation
we should just write to a text file and
this file would be like name and then
amount donated so far. I think that's
the quickest easy way to do this.
>> Why is chat so slow? Good question. All
right. All right. Let me focus in and
lock TF in briefly. So, when this
triggers cheer received, instead of just
doing all this, we're going to add a new
action, which is going to be to write to
a file called rich people.txt. So, in
theory, every time you donate, it will
get added here. Yeah. Okay. Hold on.
This seems like it's working. Now, we're
cooking with ass. White MC Wizard
donated one. The sun will rise donated
two. Okay. Cool. Cool. So, we're getting
a big list of anybody who donates and
then later on we'll use this in some
form. But this at least is going to be
like growing. Now, with that out of the
way, we can start on the main Twitch
chat thing. Make a web app. Hold on real
quick. Actual uh question for people.
Let's use one of my famous diagrams that
explain things. Well, so if you are the
client, here's if this is the server and
the server is getting a bunch of Twitch
chat messages. Should the server process
like all of the messages or should the
server just get one message and then
shoot it over to the client? It sends it
to the client over the magic of the
internet. And in this case, the internet
is my local computer. And so this is
going to be our front end over here.
This is what's going to display the the
things, right? And so presumably this
would like maintain a list of all of the
Twitch messages and then when it gets
too many it like kills the the oldest
one. Yeah. Is this to scale? Right. This
is how big the front end will be and
this is how big the server will be. This
is so dug. I feel like you the server
just sends it to the front end. The
front end will deal with it, which is a
bad idea because I'm so horrific at
front-end programming. But maybe the two
months of learning very very little will
make this all pay out. God, I never deal
on front end. Front end is pretty
miserable. I got to say it's pretty bad.
Give me 3 minutes.
It's there. It's so readable. I can't
even scroll farther down. What a great
product. Yeah. I mean, I guess let's
style it cuz this looks like uh butt.
Excuse my language. Okay, cool. Our text
is still a little bit small, but now
there's a space in between. Hold on. Let
me just make this bigger. And now if we
refresh, it should be much bigger. Text.
Let's just do as a test. The font size
should be random now. And then we are
going to use this random username color.
And it works
in lesbian.
>> Now it's the big question. The app makes
rich bigger. I mean, this is it, right?
We're ready to go. score like or
whatever current score value as a human
being and that'll be how much money
you've donated. So each time you talk
your message by default is going to be
20 pixels. For every 100 bits that
you've donated you're increasing it by
four. So what that really means is 25
bits equals one pixel. And so if you
talk it's the equivalent of losing 25
bits on your score. So you start at 20
and you have basically 20 messages that
you can say before you get so tiny that
people can't see you. All right. I'm
sure this will work first try. Found it.
Okay. Most people are default size. We
should see some people who are bigger.
>> He just asked for the hell. I think it's
working.
>> Damn. 42 NFL. 42 is so hot and rich
right now.
>> Now I think what's going to start
happening is the more you talk, you're
going to get smaller and smaller.
>> Oh, dude. This is great. Wait, wait. So,
let's see. It's getting score of 50. So,
a font size of 18. So, it's working. So,
your messages are going down in size.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Look. Okay. I can't
scroll up. Um, it's actually working.
Okay. So,
>> Doug, am I hot and rich?
>> Dude, some people are so rich I can't
read their message. It like goes by too
fast. I probably should cap the size.
>> How did you say that so slow?
>> This is only going to be funny for 5
minutes, but it is a very funny 5
minutes. Wait, wait. So, now what I need
to do is replace you. We remove the
background and then I can literally put
you guys here.
>> He hates his face. Lo,
>> I feel like the default is too small.
It's too Hold on. I got to say it. This
is completely unreadable. This is awful.
This is so awful. We've got to cap the
size, man. It's way too much. You can't.
The entire message box is removed when
somebody's too hot and rich.
>> So readable.
>> This is unreadable. Not big enough. I
feel like you're so huge. Why is chat so
slow? I mean, it looks faster now
because of this. Do we want people to be
banned if they're super poor? Put them
on a list. Um, okay. So, I put a I just
make a new list. It's a new file called
pores a prison. And if your font size is
too small cuz you haven't been donating,
then we write on the prison your name. I
just want everybody to be sure to uh
properly shame everybody who's in
prison. These people very selfishly did
not give me money in order to chat in my
live. Well, there's a lot of you who are
banned. Holy man, there are 360 people
who can't even talk now in chat. Like
literally, why is chat so slow?
Funny stuff going on. Doug, could I
sponsor one of the poor wretches in
prison? I could reform them. This is so
This is so stupid, dude. All right, so
we officially have a system that rewards
you for being rich. Now the question is,
what do we do? Like, we did it. It's
here. But now what? I just came back
from war. Why am I in prison? Well, so
we need some way for people to break out
of prison and get huge messages, right?
We need some sort of system. A prison
break. Okay. How do we What exactly does
the prison break do? That's the
question. It could be explode. Bridge
person spreads their points to everyone
else. That's not even going to do that
much though. Bribe the guard. Who is the
guard? Me. I don't want to be free.
You just want to stay in prison. It's
kind of nice in prison. I wouldn't be
able to see your message. By the way,
there's a password to break that. picks
a random word and then you guys have to
guess the word to break out of prison.
How does that mechanically make any
sense? Going to have on stream trivia.
How does this thematically make sense?
What kind of up prison is this
where there's like a trivia question?
This is like a Dungeons and Dragons
entrance to a temple where it's like,
can you solve the puzzle? It doesn't
make any sense. How does this possibly
function properly with any degree of
logic? Wait, so what is the password? Is
it like random characters? Is it a
random question you have to answer? Cuz
if it's just a trivia question like how
tall are the pyramids? Like you can just
Google that. It's a riddle. Where does
the riddle come from? Guess what Doug
wants to eat right now. Okay, so hold
on. Let me just double check this. We
theoretically have created a world where
only rich people get to talk and poor
people every time they talk are
increasingly
snuffed out from public discourse. But
the corrupt streamer system enforcing
this has set up a lock on the prison
that is hooked up to a riddle that I say
randomly and if somebody says it in chat
then it does prison break. Is that what
we're saying? Thinking a phrase or word
that you decide and then people are just
trying to guess it.
What's interesting about this is that
you have a limited number of guesses,
right? Because every time you guess, you
move closer to getting into prison.
We're going to make a new file. Key to
the prison. All right. Prison keyword is
going to be something. If you can figure
out the key that I write, you'll be
broken out of jail and you guys can talk
again. Okay, resetting. I need to set my
password. Listen to it. Keyboard sounds.
>> Okay, it's sent. From this point
forward, every message you type will
shrink you quickly.
>> Decoration.
>> You only have five messages until you're
gone. Unless you're really rich. As you
rapidly shrink, you will be thrown into
prison. However, if a single person can
say the right word,
>> why do we need a password? I don't know.
This doesn't make sense.
ass.
>> Seeing the single large message come in
was not what I was expecting. It is, by
the way, not necessarily a single word.
Ladies and gentlemen, you have one shot.
>> Did somebody say it? Come on. I guess it
wasn't that hard. It was, "Why is the
chat so slow?" Okay, hold on. I'm
resetting it. Okay, I'm gonna make one
really hard. It's gonna be random
Wikipedia page. Uh,
okay. You know what? I'm just This was
the 10th Wikipedia page I found. If you
can say this, I'll give you hints. Okay,
there is no way you're getting
this. And now we begin. Good luck. Every
1 minute, I will give you one new word.
Oh my god.
lost bastard. Ladies and
gentlemen, here's your first hint. The
first word of my password is 2013.
Good luck. It's the title of a Wikipedia
page and it starts with 2013.
>> 2013
>> 2013 housing cris.
>> Next hint. The second word is
McDonald's.
>> 2013 McDonald's
American Girls game.
>> Wait, what? How do I get that?
Did I show it? There's no way you bought
the 2013 McDonald's All-American Girls
game. What? How? Um, congratulations.
You can search Wikipedia pages. I didn't
know that there are only 27 articles
starting with 2013 McDonald.
Okay, this has become less about rich
people get bigger and it's more just
that you have a limited amount of
guesses on this guessing game. We're
kind of far off the plot. That's right.
I am going to do a random article until
I find a good one.
>> All right, good luck. It involves India.
I'll tell you the first letter H.
>> Holy guacian revolution.
>> The next letter A.
>> 2013 McDonald's All-American Girls game.
>> The next letter G.
>> Hannah NGL. I already forgot the
>> next letter A. H A G A.
>> The more we speak, the poorer we get.
Shut. Find safe spaces in other streams.
Gather and organize. We must find the
word to free all those imprisoned.07.
>> You know how you can free the imprisoned
is with the next it's R Hagrid Hagarad
Hagar the horrible.
>> God damn it. Hurry on it. It was the
Hagari Bominana Holly assembly
constituency.
>> Doug needs better password protections.
>> All right, one final run. And then we
call it hook it up to OBS websockets to
end the stream. I think that's not that
hard to do. Okay, so 8 seconds and then
it stops stream.
>> What if we never guess it and force Doug
to keep the stream open?
>> You you could I guess this is a best of
everything. I will give you a hint. This
has a mix of five different themes
throughout today.
>> Hold the line.
Think about what we did at the beginning
of the stream when I was focusing on
getting the rich messages, right? What
did we do after that? Think about that.
>> Hold the line. Don't not guess the
password. Everyone type.
>> What would you say is the main theme of
today across like the entire thing?
>> Why is chat so slow?
>> How would you summarize today's stream?
That is the password that you must find.
If you guess correctly, the stream will
end. What is the one thing, the one core
theme of this channel? What is the thing
that brings us together as a community?
This is the one thing we come back to.
Think about it.
>> That's right. The thing that keeps us
together, John,
>> is the 2013